Welcome to Huanglong Tianwang
Welcome to the King of Huanglong Tianwang
Welcome to the Yellow Dragon King
The Heavenly King was open-mouthed at the Tenglong Banquet
wanton
plan
I thought the new one-star god of war
Every contract prays for the people, what a peak shines
It turned out to be here to bully people
Shape your power
No intention
Ask the king to find out what crime he is guilty of
Friend, is he just drowning because he says something?
If you ignore it, you will be guilty
Then what is your crime?
annual sludge removal
This is not an example.
Fortunately, the Mad Dragon King is reasonable
You can survive
Join me in thanking Lord Tianwang
Lord Tianwang
Thank you for saving your life yesterday
And today's relief
The god of thunder dare not slingshot
The battle of the gods is imminent
The Dragon Army must not be leaderless
Please also invite the king to take the stage
The leader was appointed as his dragon king
Please take the lead
Appointed as its dragon king
Ridiculous
The Dragon King is alive
How can the Tianlong Army be leaderless?
What dragon feast?
It's just an order of magnitude
Yao Zilong thinks he is smart and willful
Sin of peace